myreads/README.md, before:

# MyReads React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

MyReads app is a books categorizing app that helps a user to categorize their books into 3 main categories viz.,\
`Currently Reading`, `Want To Read` and `Read`

User can move a book from one category to another with the help of a dropdown menu attached to each book.

User can also use the `Search` functionality by clicking on the the `+` button located at the bottom right corner of the main page.

In the Search page, user can search for any book available and can either add to a shelf or move to another shelf if the book is already existing on any one of the user's shelf.

## Installation Instructions

1. Clone the project into any folder on your local machine 

2. Open that folder in an environment like VS Code

3. Enter the following command into the VS Code Terminal

    `npm install` 
    
    Make sure you are in the correct folder path of this project

4. The above command will install all dependencies/packages required for this project

5. Once the packages are installed, run `npm start`

    `npm start`

    Runs the app in the development mode.\
    Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

Commit message:

feat: add login feature to App
Users can sign up and login with their credentials and their respective
bookshelves will be saved.

myreads/README.md, after:

# MyReads React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

MyReads app is a books categorizing app that helps a user to categorize their books into 3 main categories viz.,\
`Currently Reading`, `Want To Read` and `Read`

User can move a book from one category to another with the help of a dropdown menu attached to each book.

User can also use the `Search` functionality by clicking on the the `+` button located at the bottom right corner of the main page.

In the Search page, user can search for any book available and can either add to a shelf or move to another shelf if the book is already existing on any one of the user's shelf.

### Additional Features:

1. Log In/Sign Up Feature - Users can login to the app and each users bookshelves state is maintained

## Installation Instructions

1. Clone the project into any folder on your local machine 

2. Open that folder in an environment like VS Code

3. Enter the following command into the VS Code Terminal

    `npm install` 
    
    Make sure you are in the correct folder path of this project

4. The above command will install all dependencies/packages required for this project

5. Once the packages are installed, run `npm start`

    `npm start`

    Runs the app in the development mode.\
    Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.
